[processor/transform] Add specific example cases to README (#21655)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-collector-contrib: processor/transformprocessor/README.md

- `convert_summary_sum_val_to_sum("cumulative", false)`

## Examples

### Perform transformation if field does not exist
Set attribute `test` to `"pass"` if the attribute `test` does not exist:
```yaml
transform:
  error_mode: ignore
  span_statements:
    - context: span
      statements:
        # accessing a map with a key that does not exist will return nil. 
        - set(attributes["test"], "pass") where attributes["test"] == nil
``` 

### Parsing JSON logs

Given the following json body

```json
{
  "name": "log",
  "attr1": "foo",
  "attr2": "bar",
  "nested": {
    "attr3": "example"
  }
}
```

add specific fields as attributes on the log:

```yaml
transform:
  error_mode: ignore
  log_statements:
    - context: log
      statements:
        # Parse body as JSON and merge the resulting map with the cache map, ignoring non-json bodies.
        # cache is a field exposed by OTTL that is a temporary storage place for complex operations.
        - merge_maps(cache, ParseJSON(body), "upsert") where IsMatch(body, "^\\{") 
          
        # Set attributes using the values merged into cache.

>         # If attr1 doesn't exist in cache then nothing happens.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        # If the attribute doesn't exist in cache then nothing happens.
```
Probably want to make this statement cover both `attr1` and `attr2`.
